Update sim docs: apollo-base.ipa needs to be an unpatched IPA (#794)
JeffreyCA/Apollo-ImprovedCustomApi: AGENTS.md

- **Appearance** is set with `xcrun simctl ui <DEV> appearance dark|light` via `--dark`/`--light` (or `APPEARANCE=`); it persists on the device until changed.

> - **Liquid Glass**: the checked-in `apollo-base.ipa` is itself already glass-bumped (its main binary reads `sdk 19.0` — check with `vtool -show-build`), so a plain `scripts/run-in-sim.sh` without `--glass` still yields a glass-linked app; `--no-glass` can't undo that, since the re-prep it triggers just re-extracts the same glass-bumped base. `--glass` (or `GLASS=1`) prepares the shell from a `patch.sh --liquid-glass` base — the canonical glass patcher, reused so it stays in sync: it bumps the main binary's linked SDK to iOS 26 (which flips `IsLiquidGlass()`, since `GetLinkedSDKVersion()` reads that field), drops the duplicate `@executable_path/Frameworks` LC_RPATH (iOS-26 dyld rejects it — otherwise the launch dies with an `SBMainWorkspace` denial), swaps in the prebuilt `Assets.car`, and writes the `CFBundleAlternateIcons` metadata that turns on the in-app icon picker. The glass base is cached at `./.sim/glass-base.ipa` (regenerated only when `apollo-base.ipa` changes); the shell's glass state is detected from the cached main binary's SDK (major >= 19). **For a true non-glass shell** (`IsLiquidGlass()` NO — UIKit's iOS-26 chrome and the tweak's LG hooks dormant), downgrade the prepped main binary in place: `vtool -set-build-version 7 15.0 16.0 -replace -output .sim/Payload/Apollo.app/Apollo .sim/Payload/Apollo.app/Apollo`, then `codesign -f -s -` the binary and then `.sim/Payload/Apollo.app`, then relaunch with `scripts/run-in-sim.sh --no-build` — the downgraded SDK reads as non-glass, matching the default `GLASS=0`, so later runs keep the shell.

Reviewer: I just checked myself, and there isn't an `apollo-base.ipa` that's checked in remotely (`.gitignore` contains `*.ipa`, and there's no `apollo-base.ipa` uploaded on GitHub), so the `apollo-base.ipa` would actually be different per machine.

If I use `vtool -show-build` on the binary from the IPA in https://downloads.apolloreborn.app/apollobase.ipa, I see this:

```
Load command 11
      cmd LC_BUILD_VERSION
  cmdsize 32
 platform IOS
    minos 15.0
      sdk 16.2
   ntools 1
     tool LD
  version 820.1
```

According to this, the base IPA should be on the iOS 16.2 SDK, not 19, and the existing documentation is already correct. My guess is that your `apollo-base.ipa` was ran through `patch.sh --liquid-glass` already, causing the SDK version bump. The IPA should be unpatched, so it should be sourced from the link above, for example.

Instead of documenting that the base IPA is always glass by default, my suggestion is to keep the original text, but make it state that `apollo-base.ipa` needs to be an unpatched Apollo IPA:

```suggestion
- **Liquid Glass** is off by default (the raw `apollo-base.ipa` links against the iOS 16 SDK, so `IsLiquidGlass()` is NO and both UIKit's iOS-26 chrome and the tweak's LG hooks stay dormant). **This assumes `apollo-base.ipa` is a fresh, unpatched decryption of the Apollo binary** — since it's gitignored and supplied per-developer, if yours has already been run through `patch.sh --liquid-glass` (or came from a pre-patched/glass distribution build) it'll read as glass-linked (`sdk 19.0`+) no matter what flags you pass, and `--no-glass` won't undo it, since the re-prep just re-extracts your already-glass base — re-source a clean, unpatched IPA instead of trying to downgrade it in place. `--glass` (or `GLASS=1`) prepares the shell from a `patch.sh --liquid-glass` base — the canonical glass patcher, reused so it stays in sync: it bumps the main binary's linked SDK to iOS 26 (which flips `IsLiquidGlass()`, since `GetLinkedSDKVersion()` reads that field), drops the duplicate `@executable_path/Frameworks` LC_RPATH (iOS-26 dyld rejects it — otherwise the launch dies with an `SBMainWorkspace` denial), swaps in the prebuilt `Assets.car`, and writes the `CFBundleAlternateIcons` metadata that turns on the in-app icon picker. The glass base is cached at `./.sim/glass-base.ipa` (regenerated only when `apollo-base.ipa` changes); toggling `--glass`/`--no-glass` re-prepares the app shell (detected from the cached main binary's SDK).
```

Author: good catch — checked mine and yeah, sdk 19.0, must've run it through patch.sh at some point and forgot. makes sense the canonical one is clean. applied your suggestion as-is and updated the title/body to match
